faq: add some faqs to documentation (#10061)
pingcap/docs: faq/sql-faq.md

This document summarizes the FAQs related to SQL operations in TiDB.

## Does TiDB support secondary key?

> Yes. If a column in TiDB meets all of the following conditions, it can work as a secondary key:

Reviewer: Better not to answer this question in this way. Secondary key is not a formal terminology, but an ability to access specific row quickly by a column other than primary key.  In TiDB, we can achieve it by secondary index with not null constraint.

Author: addressed

- Not the primary key column
- Have the [`NOT NULL` constraint](/constraints.md#not-null)
- Have a [secondary index](/develop/dev-guide-create-secondary-indexes.md)

## How does TiDB perform when executing DDL operations on a large table?

> DDL operations of TiDB on large tables are not an issue. TiDB supports online DDL operations, and these DDL operations do not block DML operations.

Author: ```suggestion
DDL operations of TiDB on large tables are usually not an issue. TiDB supports online DDL operations, and these DDL operations do not block DML operations.
```

For some DDL operations such as adding columns, deleting columns or dropping indexes, TiDB can perform these operations quickly.

> For some heavy DDL operations such as adding indexes, TiDB needs to backfill data, which takes a longer time (depending on the size of the table) and consumes additional resources. The impact on online traffic is tunable. TiDB can do the backfill with multiple threads, and you can tune the number of threads.

Reviewer: It's better to replace `, and you can tune the number of threads` with `, the amount of thread is set by variables`

Author: addressed

## How to choose the right query plan? Do I need to use hints? Or can I use hint?

> TiDB includes a cost-based optimizer. In most cases, the optimizer chooses the optimal query plan for you. If the optimizer does not do its job well, you can still use [optimizer hints](/optimizer-hints.md) to intervene with the optimizer.

Author: ```suggestion
TiDB includes a cost-based optimizer. In most cases, the optimizer chooses the optimal query plan for you. If the optimizer does not work well, you can still use [optimizer hints](/optimizer-hints.md) to intervene with the optimizer.
```

This document summarizes the FAQs related to SQL operations in TiDB.

## Does TiDB support secondary key?

Yes. You can have the [`NOT NULL` constraint](/constraints.md#not-null) on a non-primary key column with a unique [secondary index](/develop/dev-guide-create-secondary-indexes.md). In this case, the column works as a secondary key.

## How does TiDB perform when executing DDL operations on a large table?

DDL operations of TiDB on large tables are usually not an issue. TiDB supports online DDL operations, and these DDL operations do not block DML operations.

For some DDL operations such as adding columns, deleting columns or dropping indexes, TiDB can perform these operations quickly.

> For some heavy DDL operations such as adding indexes, TiDB needs to backfill data, which takes a longer time (depending on the size of the table) and consumes additional resources. The impact on online traffic is tunable. TiDB can do the backfill with multiple threads, and the number of threads is set by the following system variables:

Reviewer: `the number of threads is set by the following system variables` -> `the resource consumed can be set by the following system variables`

See [The TiDB Command Options](/command-line-flags-for-tidb-configuration.md).

### How to avoid hotspot issues and achieve load balancing? Is hot partition or range an issue in TiDB?

> To learn the scenarios that cause hotspots, refer to [common hotpots](/troubleshoot-hot-spot-issues.md#common-hotspots). To resolve hotspot issues, you can use the following built-in TiDB features:

Reviewer: The solutions of hotspot issues depends on the various causes.  It's not guaranteed the given solutions resolve all problems.  So we can say TiDB provides a few built-in features to resolve hotspot issues.. instead of saying the issues have to be resolved by these built-in features.

Author: addressed

- Set the [`SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS`](/troubleshoot-hot-spot-issues.md#use-shard_row_id_bits-to-process-hotspots) attribute. Then row IDs are scattered and written into multiple Regions, which can alleviate the write hotspot issue.
- For hotspots brought by auto-increment primary keys, use the [`AUTO_RANDOM`](/troubleshoot-hot-spot-issues.md#handle-auto-increment-primary-key-hotspot-tables-using-auto_random) attribute.

> - For read hotspots of small tables, use [Coprocessor Cache](/coprocessor-cache.md).

Author: ```suggestion
- For read hotspots on small tables, use [Coprocessor Cache](/coprocessor-cache.md).
```
